it's a little bit kick bassy to call
this a cambridge lock because I'm
technically not in Cambridge but at home
probably but I am preparing for my first
year finals because I haven't sat them
yet because I took a break from
University so I'm gonna sit them at the
beginning of October so I'm preparing
for them now and I think this is much
part of my Cambridge degree as anything
that I did at Cambridge so we're gonna
call this a Cambridge vlog please don't
come for me in the comments
hello everyone its Elena and I'm back
whenever Cambridge blog and just like in
my last blog my life still consists of
revising and reading readings for my
second year so yeah that's still my life
guys and today I'm gonna go to the
library and I'm just gonna work there
for a few hours and it was honestly
really hard to get permission to film in
there but I think it was worth it
because it's a really really pretty
library so yeah I hope you guys will
like it
[Music]
and I'm back home now so I finished the
library for like a few hours it was
really good though I'm gonna really did
help me to focus so I really liked it
and I would you know go back but I would
have to you know write at all these
emails and fill out other forms just to
get this sticker again so that I can
vlog there and honestly that was just
like a lot of work like you guys have no
idea how much work went into just
getting this sticker to get permission
to film which is ridiculous um so yeah
but I hope you guys enjoyed the footage
from the library and I hope it was worth
it but yeah also like can I recycle this
I'm just like off that's the
intention but I mean I'm keeping it and
now I'm gonna get back to your room
rising and reading for my second year
I'm gonna try to keep it at revision for
this afternoon I am gonna do a bit more
reading because I'm currently reading
this book for international law and it's
quite interesting but I am gonna try to
mainly focus on revision this afternoon
because I have focused a lot on reading
in the morning so I want to do more
revision now so yeah that's the plan
[Music]
okay guys it's been a while and I
actually managed to find another way of
procrastinating by doing work because my
new director of studies emailed me and
she wants the CV from all of us so I
wrote my CV because I haven't written it
sounds like 2018 so everything on it was
kind of outdated so now I have a new CV
and now it's time to chill a little
because I've been working for quite a
while and my rabid visits with me here
she is she's in a really weird position
but like she didn't want to like change
it so that's how I'm holding her um I
tried to give her a more comfortable
position but she was like now so yeah
now I think I'm just going to lie down
with her for a bit we're just gonna
watch a little bit of TV show I actually
started a good place recently and it's
really really good
I'm already on season free so you know
that's how fast I binge watch stuff so I
guess we're gonna have this one done by
like the end of the week and then I'm
gonna get back to work but I don't think
I've filmed that because I don't want to
bore you guys would like too many time
lapses which is just me working um so I
guess I'll see you guys tomorrow
and it's the next day and today that
plan is pretty much the same which is
revised and do some second-year readings
I'm gonna try to revise first today it's
the thing I'm less motivated to do so
I'm thinking that if I do that first I'm
kind of motivated to then you move on to
my readings so yeah that's pretty much
the plan for today but now I'm also
quickly to go to mentor because I have
to pick up some results because I'm
still wearing an ankle splint because
for some reason and my ankle is hurting
and I don't know why um so I couldn't
have to go and see her but as soon as
I'm back I'm gonna get back to revising
so I'll probably see you guys at my desk
so I went to see my doctor and I still
don't know what's wrong with my ankle
great I will probably be going to
Cambridge of the splint because I have
no idea what's wrong
um but I will but I also read in this
book while I was on a train and I really
like the book it's really really
interesting I'm really really excited
for my international golf course and
that's why I think I'm gonna you know
read a little bit more in this which is
basically my way of procrastinating or
revision but I'm only gonna finish this
chapter which I'm currently
and then I'm going to get to revision so
that's kind of the deal that I've made
it with myself so yeah let's do it
[Music]
okay so I'm pretty much done with the
readings so I'm gonna get back to
revision after the break with my rabbit
and I've also started using the comm app
which I talked about in my video about
getting a paddy but I used to only use
it for sleep stories because I think
that's what they're mainly famous for or
at least they advertise with that and
that's why I signed up for it
but I realized that they have a lot of
other stuff in the app and I mean you
have to pay for it so it's worth
exploring it and they also have a music
section with really good focus music and
I tried that one out and I really really
liked it so far like you can just let it
play um you know on your tablet iPhone
or on your laptop you can just open it
website and go there and I really like
the music that they have so um I
actually read while listening to this
music and it did help me a little to
stay focused so I think I'm gonna do
that more often okay my rabbit is really
not feeling it I get it my rabbit wants
to go into my bed and just like lay
there and sleep which I understand so
we're gonna take a break now and then
I'll get back to work and it's a few
hours later now and I'm officially done
for the day because my brain just cannot
process any more information so I'm
calling it a day I have left quite a bit
it is 8 p.m. now so we're doing well I
have worked for hours and I've actually
revised which is lovely because I really
did need to do that so I'm proud of
myself with that and I actually took a
break like I guess 20 minutes ago
something like that
and I read a little bit more in this
book which I'm currently reading which
is called it's the Hong Kong judiciary
sleepwalking to 2047 now address if you
don't know 2047 it's a year in which
China will be able to officially change
Hong Kong's legislative system because
right now I'm Hong Kong has its own
legislative system its own government
and they operate as a special
administrative region but only until
2047 because then that treaty that china
made with Britain back when it was still
a colonial power over Hong Kong then
that will kind of expire and they get
full control again but for now Hong Kong
is still a common law jurisdiction and
that is why that's really interesting
for me because I
a common law at Cambridge and so you
know it's interesting to look at other
common knowledge system and since also
lived in Hong Kong for a bit it's just
cool to like learn about the place where
I lived so yeah that's why I'm reading
this book I actually bought it while I
was in Hong Kong and so far I quite
liked it but it's also very very
academic but it's kind of cool to read
an academic book for fun because you can
really enjoy it because you don't have
to annotate it you don't have to think
about oh what do I need to know down you
can just read it and like you know think
about the arguments I'm not sure if I
agree with him on everything and I
certainly don't have enough of an
understanding to get into a good debate
about it the only thing it does bug me
about this book though is the fun
because it has this really weird bold
bond which I don't know I just wouldn't
expect in a book like that it's really
weird because it just looks like the
entire book is written in bold which
this makes no sense but yeah other than
that I quite liked the book actually and
it is quite interesting to learn about
the place where I live because I never
really learned a lot about the law of
Hong Kong because they were still in
high school when I lived there yeah if
you guys interested in the book and the
link is in the infobox below but I would
only recommend it to people who have
some experience for reading legal
academia whoever you know you're in law
school or you're working legal sector
whatever but I don't think it will be
very enjoyable for you otherwise but if
you do have that experience and I think
you can quite enjoy the book but yeah
that's what I'm gonna do for the rest of
evening I'm just gonna read a little bit
and then tomorrow we're gonna get back
to work
but for now we're done so I'll see you
guys tomorrow morning and good morning
guys it's the next day
and it has been a great day until about
an hour ago
when I was stupid and while I was doing
my makeup I accidentally got makeup on
the shirt I wanted to wear so now I'm
wearing a blue cardigan which doesn't
really match with the rest of my outfit
but oh well also anyway fuzzy socks
because I'm at home but they're not part
of my actual foot yeah I hate it when it
happens because like I always have like
a plan in my head and I hate when you
know anything messes with that and yes
that plan extends to the outfits I'm
wearing which it's stupid but that's
just how I am
yeah today we're gonna do something
exciting and something really new on my
channel we're gonna make some healthy
food and I'm not messing with you okay
I'm not talking about a healthy cup
noodles package or whatever I'm actually
gonna make fresh food so that's really
special because for those of you who
have watched my channel for a while you
know that my meals consist of McDonald's
and cup noodles and anything similar to
dad or just going to the canteen in my
University so I'm gonna actually make
some fresh food which is pretty cool and
maybe if I remember how to do it I may
do that in college sometimes which would
be pretty cool I don't know maybe it
will also take forever and taste
horrible and I'll never do it again
but we'll see so welcome to healthy
cooking with Elena
okay so I'm in our kitchen now and I'm
gonna make the recipe out of this old
book which my office it has but um my
mom made it a few times it's really
really good so we're gonna make a salad
with some noodles and stuff and it's
gonna be great and because I have no
cooking skills I got myself some help
from my mom who agreed to be my blog
today that's my mom's first time in a
vlog yes No so she can help me cook and
hopefully it's gonna be good so yeah
[Music]
heist of all inside sewed up
yeah but really good yeah I like it it's
mainly your creation but I like it did
you really think that I don't know that
you have scissors in the kitchen I think
my mom has zero faith in me when she
tries to hide it but like she didn't
think I didn't know this little about I
can see the judgment in your face no
that's absolutely okay and that's why
I'm gonna starve to death
or live off McDonald's delivering maybe
I'm not a good cook no you're a really
good cook except for the Christmas
dinners where she got voted off the food
committee I don't think I've ever felt a
stupid as I felt or net kicking session
um yeah because I have like zero skills
I didn't even know half the things that
my mom use existed in our kitchen um so
it's been interesting I've learned a lot
uh-huh am I gonna cook in college I
don't think so
I mean it tastes really really good and
I like had like this vision of me like
you know packing my lunchbox with like
some healthy stuff and then eating that
you know during my breaks from lectures
and stuff and yeah I think that fantasy
just died because I realize I don't
think I'm capable of doing all of that
but it was a really nice fantasy but
we'll see about that
because that seems to be a bigger
project if you guys have easy beginner
recipes let me know I could try some I
don't know if you think that would be
funny you can let me know if you guys
enjoyed this and now I'm actually gonna
go into town
a couple of things and then I'm also
gonna meet up with some people for my
family and then I'm gonna do some work
in the afternoon hopefully and hopefully
we're gonna get some more revision then
many hours later and I'm back and it's a
few hours later and by a few I was eight
I mean it's about 7:00 p.m. so it's been
a while and I didn't really do any work
today
but I think that's okay because it's
that today and I suck at taking breaks
for my work it's just something I'm not
good at I'm an absolute workaholic so I
think it's really good that my mom was
on you should come with us and just you
know chill with us and I actually do
have a lot of fun today
so you know I think that was a good time
investment and I needed that break
obviously tomorrow I am gonna get back
to work but still I think today was a
good day and I just get everything that
I needed which is great because I still
need some trousers because somehow
genetic started to be in my favor
because I think I grew a little and by I
grew a little I mean I probably grew
like you know two millimeters or
something I don't know but for some
reason I just grew out of my trousers
and I really needed some new ones so I
got those and then I also got some new
socks and that's great because I still
needed them so now I don't have to look
for them in Cambridge which is amazing
and yeah that's pretty much the end of
my lazy day and it's also the end of
this vlog and I hope you guys enjoyed it
and if you guys would like to see more
of me trying to learn how to cook you
can let me know in the comments below or
you can also send me a message for the
contact section of my blog which is
linked in the infobox below and I would
also appreciate any beginners friendly
recipes so that I can actually learn how
to cook different things and not just
one thing but remember guys I don't know
how to do anything so send me some
really really easy things that I can
actually manage to do but yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed this blog thank you so
much for watching have a nice day Bonnie